Initialize Keptn Project Pages (#143)
keptn/community: mentorship/gsoc/2022/projects/new-docs-site-engine/README.md

GSoC 2022 - New Documentation Site Engine
==========

This project is about a New Documentation Site Engine for Keptn
which can handle a large number of documentation projects of Keptn.
Currently, the Keptn documentation site is based on Hugo based theme called `hugo-serif-theme`.
For tutorials, _Codelabs_ is also used.
While extremely handy for smaller projects and initial versions of Keptn,
this toolchain has serious deficiencies for larger-scale projects like Keptn.

The new Documentation Site engine will be based on Docusaurus.
Docusaurus is an optimized site generator in React. Docusaurus helps you to move fast and write content.
Build documentation websites, blogs, marketing pages, and more.
The main focus of Keptn New Documentation Site Engine will be managing large-scale documentation and complex documentation projects.

> So two major things which are needed in the documentation engine are Multiple repository docs support and Versioning of Docs support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So two major things which are needed in the documentation engine are  the ability to build documentation from source located in multiple repositories and support for  documentation versioning.
```
